thank you for watching liking commenting
sharing and subscribing right now just
how cool are you buy me right now is it
cool in your room are you cool because
you have a notebook computer is your
notebook computer cool does it look cool
just sitting there on your desk may look
cool but may not be running cool you may
need some kind of laptop cooler weather
you've got fans on the cooler or whether
it's just well something like Griffin's
elevator that I have sitting in front of
me it's actually done its job I mean not
only has it lifted this particular
notebook computer up off the desk giving
me more space here but in doing so has
increased airflow on the underside of
the hardware and yes that cooled it by
at least 10 degrees according to my
measurements not completely scientific
but i can tell you even by touch when i
lifted the notebook up to put it on the
elevator thinking oh i'm just gonna set
it on the elevator and be done with it
not realizing that it would actually
cool it down because even though i have
a small rubber feet that i have attached
to the bottom of this notebook computer
i remember doing a review on those the
laptop lips it does a fair job at
bringing the the computer off the
surface and keep it from sliding around
but not really effective it cooling or
keeping the notebook running cool
especially when i'm running CPU
intensive apps on the computer and
griffins elevator not only looks nice it
works well bringing it up off the ground
so i could set things underneath it or
around it but also increasing airflow
underneath the the computer and I could
feel it specifically on the front it
would get it gets hot where I would
normally you know rest my palms on
either side of the mouse pad on this
particular notebook it it does have a
relatively high profile and that's fine
i'm actually going to be using this
elevator in
in another room where I needed to or
wanted to lift it up off the the desk
where another notebook happens to be
sitting it looks nice looks very very
nice and here's the thing nothing to
install really you've got these metal
you call them they would be arms there's
rubber feet on the bottom of these arms
and rubber on top and then you've got a
piece of plastic you simply slide these
into and that is it that's the elevator
now if you want to get your own elevator
I've got news for you my friend Dave
Delaney who works with Griffin and by
the way you can follow both Dave Delaney
and Griffin on Twitter Griffin tech is
the twitter handle for Griffin Dave knew
that I've got an audience of geeks and
he said hey would you like to offer your
audience twenty-five percent off
discount on anything they could buy on
our website I was like yeah so if you
want to save twenty five percent on any
Griffin product okay first go through
the link go tag jag calm / Griffin
that's gr i FF I n i think i spelled
that right goat a guy calm / Griffin
then use the coupon code when you
checkout Perillo go that's p i are i ll
oh gee oh you save twenty five percent
that's that's a pretty darn nice
exclusive little coupon we got going
there and let's say you you want to buy
the elevator that's fine but we're going
to be giving one away as a matter of
fact i'm going to be giving away a
couple of different products over the
next couple days and if we get a lot of
people who participate in this giveaway
we may be able to convince our friend
Dave to give away some more Griffin
hardware so participate possibly get the
elevator another
product i'm going to be reviewing today
well at least you know sequentially
after i'm done recording this video i'm
going to be doing a video recording on
the power mate you'll have to watch that
particular video so here's how you
participate go to Twitter and I'm
assuming you've got a Twitter account by
now go to Twitter and this is what
you're going to want to tweet all right
it's got to be like this all right and
I'll be sure to copy this down in the
corresponding blog post for this video
on Chris pirillo com you say I'm saving
twenty-five percent off any Griffin
product with the Perillo go coupon
through remember that link HTTP colon
slash slash go tag jag calm / Griffin
and you can say yes comma I'm a Griffin
geek now when you say you're a Griffin
geek you put the hash sign right there
the the pound sign the number sign pound
sign Griffin geek so again i'm saving
twenty-five percent off any Griffin
product with the Perillo go coupon
through HTTP colon slash slash go tag
jag calm / Griffin yes I'm a Griffin
geek gotta do it like that and i'm going
to pick one person after this video has
been published on youtube and my blog to
get not this elevator but you'll be
getting a brand new Griffin elevator so
participate now go to Twitter sign up
you start following me i'm at chris
pirillo on twitter and of course you
know you can find Dave Delaney on
twitter there and Griffin tech is who
you would follow to follow Griffin so
tweet that out now let people know they
can save money on any given product
twenty-five percent off using the
Perillo go coupon code and using the
link go tag calm / Griffin and even if
you don't get it you may see how nice
this looks at least on my desk it may
look nice on your desk too if you happen
to get the elevator fits fits in very
nicely should fit nicely with the just
about any notebook you put
there i mean it's relatively neutral
colors i mean the gray padding and in
silver metal and then of course the
clear plastic upfront work serene does
it work for you all right well then drop
me a line Chris at pirillo com of course
you also know that you can stop by our
community if you want to post your own
Hardware reviews software
recommendations ask questions get
answers geeks pirillo com is for the
technologists in all of us and we're
also hanging out in the chat room
whether it's moderated or not we're a
bunch of well we're typically talking
tech really about anything gadgets
gizmos hardware software you name it
it's likely germain not not the Jackson
but the relevant kind of Jermaine 24
hours a day seven days a week at live
pirillo com will ya later